Propagation - Extract handles multiple values on carrier using same key (#4295)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: CHANGELOG.md

### Context

> - Propagation - Extract handles multiple values on carrier using same key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Propagation - Adds optional GetAll method to Getter, allowing for the retrieval of multiple keys for the same value.
```

> - Propagation - Adds optional GetAll method to Getter, allowing for the retrieval of multiple keys for the same value.

Reviewer 2: key/value is the other way round 😉 

```suggestion
- Adds optional `GetAll` method to `Getter` in Propagation API, allowing for the retrieval of multiple values for the same key.
```
